API six API gateway.
So in this project the big issue and
the big pain point was that Google
cloud Armor, which is actually really
good is very expensive if you want
to go enterprise or even premium.
So we have currently the basic
protection, the free tier.
It has a few features
regarding WAF, DDoS, and
In some aspects that you can customize
some specific rules to be protected
by mass attacks and everything.
But it wasn't enough.
And with the rise of AI
agents being able to somehow.
Scan your system, try to perform
some credentials, extraction and
everything from your service.
We started to get a concerned about that.
And the solution that I proposed and
implemented was to have another API
gateway that would sit behind the global
load balancing that we use from Google.
The global load balancing
receives the requests.
It has some kind of protection.
And then before going to our service,
before going to the backend
service, the network endpoint groups,
it goes through this API gateway.
The API gateway in this situation
uses Apache API six and crowds
SEC for threat intelligence.
CrowdSec is really great.
It has a lot of data about known attackers
and patterns that can like, inform you in
real time into the dashboard if you are
already receiving an attack or anything.
So it's really great.
It's community driven we
are really happy with that.
So by far we transferred some services
to use this API gateway, and we are
able to actually do one by one, so we
don't have to just switch on or off the
entire system to use this overnight.
And then we can monitor and observe
if the final user has some issues.
If we have some false positives
into this whole workflow that would
block real users to use the system.
So it was a very elegant solution.
The system is extremely fast and runs
over a managed instance group without
the auto scale if necessary, but
I don't remember needing more than
one machine to actually handle this.
It can handle a 100 K requests by second.
It's a really fast system.
Yeah, I guess that's it.
It's a very good architecture and
saves a very good amount of money for
almost the same results as the premium
or enterprise from Google Cloud Armor.